
Definition of Window Object.

It represents the browser's window.
All global JavaScript objects, functions, and variables automatically become members of the window object.
Global variables are properties of the window object. 
Global functions are methods of the window object.

Definition of Document Object.

The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface for web documents.
It represents the page so that programs can change the document structure, style, and content.
The DOM represents the document as nodes and objects and programming languages can interact with the page.

Major difference of document and window

1) Document
It represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser.

1)Window
It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.   

2)Document
It is loaded inside the window.

2)Window
It is the very first object that is loaded in the browser.

3)Document
It is the object of window property.

3)Window
It is the object of the browser.

4)Document

All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.

4)Window
Global objects, functions, and variables of JavaScript are members of the window object.

5)Document
We can access the document from a window using the window. document

5)Window
We can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window

6)Document
The document is part of BOM (browser object model) and dom (Document object model)

6)Window
The window is part of BOM, not DOM.

7)Document
Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a window like this window. document.title

7)Window
Properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.

8)Document
	syntax:

	     document.propertyname;

8)Window
	syntax:
	     window.propertyname;

9)Document
	example:

	     document.title :  will return the title of the document
9)Window
	example:
	     window.innerHeight : will return the height of the content area of the browser